src/pages/home.md, before:

---
title: Home
layout: layouts/home.liquid
permalink: /
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Home
  order: 1
homeHeroRight:
  heroTitle: Redefining how the government does digital.
  heroSubTitle: We’re a collection of agile technology and design firms that
    serve—or aspire to serve—the government.
  heroContent: >-
    Change is hard. Systematic change is even harder. That’s why these design
    and development firms have teamed up to bring the innovation and agility
    that’s become the backbone of commercial digital services to the government.<br>

    This kind of digital transformation uses technology as a means to a goal—to dramatically improve the performance, reach, and customer experience of government services.
bannerText: "## It’s the difference between *having to work to interact* with
  government services and *having those services work for you.*"
homeHeroLeft:
  heroTitle: What does digital transformation look like?
  heroContent: >-
    True digital transformation within the government has meaningful, tangible
    benefits for the public.</br>

    It means that the hundreds of millions of people who interact with our government could do so easily, efficiently, and dare we say, even enthusiastically through their phones, tablets, and computers.</br>

    It means that analog, paper-based processes are modernized into integrated, online workflows to speed up how the government works and save taxpayer dollars.</br>

    It means that technology infrastructure becomes more scalable, flexible, and secure, allowing services to work faster and more reliably.
homeSectionHeader:
  sectionHeaderTitle: Stronger together.
  sectionHeaderSubText: The current “big box” contractor model is failing to
    deliver the kinds of collaboration, transparency, and efficiency that
    smaller, more forward-thinking firms excel at. Our goal is to collaborate,
    not compete by bringing like-minded small to midsize companies together to
    work toward the common mission of serving the American public by improving
    how government works.
  sectionHeaderSubTitle: Our manifesto to do just that.
---

Commit message:

Add redirects (#89)
* Use client side js for redirecting to handle hashes in url

* Add SEO tags, move redirect JS to head to reduce lag

* Use rel links for SEO img tags, update home SEO desc tag

* Upgrade postcss to fix dependabot alert

---------

Co-authored-by: Grace Xu <grace@kind.systems>

src/pages/home.md, after:

---
title: Home
layout: layouts/home.liquid
permalink: /
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Home
  order: 1
seo_data:
  title: Digital Services Coalition - Home
  desc: Our goal is to collaborate, not compete, by bringing like-minded small to midsize companies together to work toward the common mission of serving the American public by improving how government works.
  url: https://digitalservicescoalition.org/
  img: /assets/img/dsc-logo.png
  img_alt: Digital Services Coalition Logo
homeHeroRight:
  heroTitle: Redefining how the government does digital.
  heroSubTitle: We’re a collection of agile technology and design firms that
    serve—or aspire to serve—the government.
  heroContent: >-
    Change is hard. Systematic change is even harder. That’s why these design
    and development firms have teamed up to bring the innovation and agility
    that’s become the backbone of commercial digital services to the government.<br>

    This kind of digital transformation uses technology as a means to a goal—to dramatically improve the performance, reach, and customer experience of government services.
bannerText: "## It’s the difference between *having to work to interact* with
  government services and *having those services work for you.*"
homeHeroLeft:
  heroTitle: What does digital transformation look like?
  heroContent: >-
    True digital transformation within the government has meaningful, tangible
    benefits for the public.</br>

    It means that the hundreds of millions of people who interact with our government could do so easily, efficiently, and dare we say, even enthusiastically through their phones, tablets, and computers.</br>

    It means that analog, paper-based processes are modernized into integrated, online workflows to speed up how the government works and save taxpayer dollars.</br>

    It means that technology infrastructure becomes more scalable, flexible, and secure, allowing services to work faster and more reliably.
homeSectionHeader:
  sectionHeaderTitle: Stronger together.
  sectionHeaderSubText: The current “big box” contractor model is failing to
    deliver the kinds of collaboration, transparency, and efficiency that
    smaller, more forward-thinking firms excel at. Our goal is to collaborate,
    not compete, by bringing like-minded small to midsize companies together to
    work toward the common mission of serving the American public by improving
    how government works.
  sectionHeaderSubTitle: Our manifesto to do just that.
---
