src/pages/mission.md, before:

---
title: Mission
layout: layouts/mission.liquid
permalink: /mission/
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Mission
  order: 2
missionHeader:
  dateText: Mar 12
  linkText: Read our 2022-2025 Strategic Plan (PDF, 2.5 MB, 22 pages)
missionHero:
  heroTitle: We’re focused on the long game of changing government through digital
    transformation.
  heroContent: >-
    There are organizations inside the government (USDS, 18F, Presidential
    Innovation Fellows) that are already spearheading efforts to improve how
    government delivers services to the American public. But they need support
    from commercial tech firms to make sweeping changes to how things are done.
    Nimble, forward-thinking firms are the ones who can make this a reality.</br>

    By working together, we can accelerate the government’s ability to implement services that focus on good usability, reliable technology, and accessibility for all—while also benefiting the individuals and firms that are part of the community
  dateText: Mar 12
  linkText: Read our 2022-2025 Strategic Plan (PDF, 2.5 MB, 22 pages)
---

Commit message:

Add ability to upload files in the CMS  (#37)
* Add upload file component to markdown widget

* Add file widget to mission page and clean up widget JS

* Fix media folder path

* Comment out local backend in config

src/pages/mission.md, after:

---
title: Mission
layout: layouts/mission.liquid
permalink: /mission/
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Mission
  order: 2
missionHeader:
  dateText: Mar 12
  linkText: Read our 2022-2025 Strategic Plan (PDF, 2.5 MB, 22 pages)
missionHero:
  heroTitle: We’re focused on the long game of changing government through digital
    transformation.
  heroContent: >-
    There are organizations inside the government (USDS, 18F, Presidential
    Innovation Fellows) that are already spearheading efforts to improve how
    government delivers services to the American public. But they need support
    from commercial tech firms to make sweeping changes to how things are done.
    Nimble, forward-thinking firms are the ones who can make this a
    reality.</br>

    By working together, we can accelerate the government’s ability to implement services that focus on good usability, reliable technology, and accessibility for all—while also benefiting the individuals and firms that are part of the community
  dateText: Mar 12
  linkText: Read our 2022-2025 Strategic Plan (PDF, 2.5 MB, 22 pages)
  linkFile: /assets/dscstrategicplan.pdf
---
